The word, "artificial", in the name of the feild of artificial intelligence (AI) implies that AI is a discipline of engineering rather than a science. A science of intelligence would be concerned with the phenomenon of intelligence in its own right, regardless of origin. The lack of such a science is a detriment to the field of AI as the lack of the science of fluid dynamics would be to aeronautical engineering. It also forces many AI researchers to engage in science within the often-unnessesary context of artificiality which can restrict one's perspective. For instance: the so-called, "alignment problem", is often defined in the context of AI[1] when it could just as easily refer to alignment between any intelligent agents whether they be biological, artificial, or extraterrestrial.

In my writing on this subject, I try to avoid the word "artificial" where it is not necessary. For instance, I will discuss "intelligent systems" and "intelligent agents" without referring to how they came about: whether they were constructed in a factory or lab or incubated in a womb or hatched from an egg or landed in a space ship. However, I can't escape the reality that many of the terms and concepts I wish to build upon were coined in the context of artificiality despite being more generally useful. It's often difficult to refer specifically to such concepts without using the same coined terms that impose the context of artificiality.

One such somewhat problematic term is the mathematical concept of a Turing machine. It's often colloquially understood that the term "machine" implies artificiality even though, strictly speaking; it doesn't. Biological systems are as much machines as anything constructed by humans. There's nothing magical about meat or plant or fungus tissue that makes it non-mechanical. This basic quirk of language can cause a lot of confusion.

The Turing machine is actually about as abstract a mathematical concept as one can imagine, yet it also bares a close resemblance to physical computers. {talk about the impact on thought experiments like the chinese room or the china brain}

[1] As of this writing, the Wikipedia article on the alignment problem is titled, "AI Alignment". 
